c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Magic_Tactil.dll
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Magic_Tactil.pdb
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Homepage.g.i.cs
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Magic_Tactil.g.resources
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Magic_Tactil.dll
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Magic_Tactil.pdb
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Magic_Tactil.xap
c:\users\jaber_a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Magic_Tactil.dll
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Magic_Tactil.pdb
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Magic_Tactil.xap
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Homepage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Magic_Tactil.g.resources
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Magic_Tactil.dll
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\Magic_Tactil.pdb
C:\Users\Periph_a\Desktop\svn\MagicTactilForWindows\test ali\Magic_Tactil\Magic_Tactil\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
